Add update regarding constexpr support (#68)
bemanproject/inplace_vector: README.md

Current implementation implements all public interfaces defined in the paper.

There have been updates to the spec after the paper getting accepted.
Notably,
[trivial unions (P3074)](https://github.com/cplusplus/draft/pull/7680/files#diff-3b5851f7056b7c68cb3ba2ab51cf0b75a780c6a11e5e181770067700454ace7b)
have made the constexpr unconditional.

> This have not been implemented yet due to limited compiler support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-conditional no-except has not yet been implemented and has limited utility until compiler support is available. 
```
Why do we need compiler support to implement it?  If the compiler can't make it constexpr it will fall back to runtime code.  Further, there should be a feature test macro we could check if we wanted to keep the current code and change it if the compiler supports trivial unions.

Author: Our current implementation is implemented with type-erased byte array, but to use trivial union, we will need to switch to a union based storage, there's three parts to this:

1. No one can benefit: As there's no confirmed compiler support.
2. Not testable: Because there's no confirmed compiler support yet, we cannot test our implementation in our current infrastructure. I do not think it's a good idea to push out an implementation that is not testable. This includes implementations that is only enabled with a build argument.
3. May break current invariant: This is not runtime vs constexpr code, trivial union actually is not designed for constexpr, it [lossens the default constructor and destructor characteristics](https://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg21/docs/papers/2024/p3074r5.html#just-make-it-work) that make single-variant union a preferred initialization-deferred storage container. Simply switching to it may break current invariant.

Author: > Non-conditional no-except has not yet been implemented

What are you referring here?

Reviewer: > > Non-conditional no-except has not yet been implemented
> 
> What are you referring here?

ugh, sorry -- that isn't what I meant -- I've revised the suggestion.
